Marketplace Rewards
Part of ISV Success
Sales and marketing benefits that 
unlock based on your marketplace 
performance

Helping you accelerate growth and close more deals
Marketplace based benefits 
new
Partners
Customers

ISV Success  Support along the journey
Grow stage benefits provided by Marketplace Rewards
ISV 
Success
Build
Publish
Grow
Benefits help
you grow through 
marketplace
by accelerating 
growth and closing 
more deals.

Benefits no matter how you choose to publish
On-going  Refresh yearly
One time use
Transact, Teams Apps, qualifying Business Applications
Dedicated Engagement Manager to help with

Making your offer listing crisp and robust

Executing your marketing and sales benefits
List
All benefits are self-serve

Links to resources and guidance
TrialService proof of concept, implementation or workshop
Entirely digital engagement

Activate benefits in Partner Center

Execute benefits in Marketplace Rewards Toolbox

The more you perform, the more you earn
25K MBS
100K MBS
500K MBS
1M MBS
4M MBS
Awareness
Demand Gen
Co-sell
Lead development
Sales enablement
0 MBS
Benefits and Incentives
Featured blog
2K Free Azure
To-seller webinar
35K Free Azure
Social Promotion
100K Free Azure
Individual Guest 
Blog Post
150K Free Azure
Azure IP Co-sell
MACC decrement
Seller Incentivization
Transact and Grow 
Incentive
Azure IP
Co-sell top-tier
PRACR SaaS 
joint-sales
Listing optimization
Microsoft Executive 
Endorsement
400K Free Azure
Performance paths based on Marketplace Billed Sales, Business Applications Solution Value, or Teams App Monthly Active Usage

Partner success with Marketplace Rewards
Higher marketplace
billed sales
 Based on comparing transactable publishers that used 
1 or more program benefits to those that did not use 
any program benefits.
5X

Within six months of taking advantage of Marketplace Rewards benefits, we successfully converted a dozen leads into two co-sell opportunities and 
grew our revenue by more than 500,000.
 Esteve Vilella, CEO, Airplane Solutions.
Read the full Airplane Solutions story.
Microsoft Marketplace Rewards is helping us boost our brand awareness and share of voice in healthcare security. As a result of the press release, blog, 
and social assets, page visits to our marketplace listing are up 116 percent in the last six months!
 Joe Scotto, Chief Marketing Officer, CyberMDX
Read the full CyberMDX story
We have increased our Azure consumption 7X, in large part thanks to the Marketplace Rewards team at Microsoft. Our Engagement Manager has 
given us great advice and guidance! This success motivated us to set our partnership goals even higher.
 Carmen Mariscal, Marketing Director, TwoConnect.
Read the full TwoConnect success story.
Our credit incentive program had 10 times better results than our efforts with other CSPs in terms of ROI. This incentive helped us save weeks of 
work and push deals over the finish line and convince big Azure strategic customers to use Azure Marketplace over competitive CSP marketplaces.
  Nadav Tzuker, Cloud Alliance Manager
 Read the full Wiz story here
One benefit of the Marketplace Rewards program is we now have access to funds to help run POCs for customers and develop new innovative 
features on our fully managed database solution that runs on Azure. This has helped increase the number of POCs we conduct by 25 percent and our 
win rate by 50 percent, thus helping us accelerate our business. Aaron Shoffa, North America VP of Sales, SingleStore
 
 Read the full SingleStore
Marketplace Rewards testimonials

List, Trial and Consulting benefits
Go-To-Market benefit
All listings
Service proof of concept,
implementation, or workshop offers
Trial offers
Commercial marketplace listing optimization
Guidance
Personalized
Personalized
Commercial marketplace Whats new blog


 
Commercial marketplace marketing toolkit
 

 
 
Market research and marketing materials: Partner 
marketing center
 

 
 
Self-serve digital marketing on demand
 

 
 
Partnering and global expansion readiness 
assessments
 

 
 
Onboarding documentation
 

 
 
Marketplace Community forums
 

 
 
Co-Sell solution finder listing guidance
 

 
 
Grow and scale by selling through Microsoft 
partners in the commercial marketplace
 

 
 
Press release support 

 
 
All benefits subject to
change and must be 
completed by the anniversary 
date of when you first 
received benefits
Requires a completed 
Commercial marketplace 
listing optimization.

All non-transact benefits expire 
after 6 months.

Marketing and Sales benefits
Benefits for partners with transactable, qualifying Business Applications, or Teams App offers
Company level commercial marketplace billed sales, solution value, or Teams App MAU
Marketing and Sales benefits
Publisher
500
25K or 
250 MAU
100K or 
1K MAU
500K or 
5K MAU
1M or 
50K MAU
4M or 
400K MAU
Commercial marketplace listing optimization







Press release support   







Marketplace what's new blog







Marketplace Rewards testimonial






Commercial marketplace blog feature   





In-depth customer review  





Azure sponsorship for deploymentproof of concept   
2K
2K
30K
60K
100K
300K
Azure sponsorship for Test Drivetrial sandbox   
5K
40K
50K
100K
Partner or customer success story   




Microsoft seller webinar  




Solution spotlight to Microsoft sales team   




Social promotion spotlight   


Individual guest blog post   


Microsoft executive endorsement  


All benefits subject to change
and must be completed on 
the anniversary date of when 
you first received benefits.
Not available for
BYOL offers.
Requires a completed 
Commercial marketplace 
listing optimization.
Sponsorship is available 
as per offer availability in 
the respective 
countryregion.
Private offers require a
public listing with the 
same solution.
Not available for
Private offers.
TTM (trailing 12 months) 
cumulative on MBS.
Read the benefit guide for
full details






Marketplace Rewards for Teams Apps Partners
All benefits subject to change
and must be completed on 
the anniversary date of when 
you first received benefits.
Company level commercial marketplace billed sales, solution value, or Teams App MAU
Exclusive Benefits
Publisher
500
25K or 
250 MAU
100K or 
1K MAU
500K or 
5K MAU
1M or 
50K MAU
4M or 
400K MAU
Press release support wsocial amplification   







Launch asset development support (BOM)







TTM (trailing 12 months) 
cumulative on MBS 
(Marketplace billed sales)
Not available for
BYOL offers.
Requires a 
completed Commercial 
marketplace listing 
optimization
Read the benefit guide for
full details



Private offers require a
public listing with 
the same solution.

Marketplace Rewards for MISA Partners
Company level commercial marketplace billed sales, solution value, or Teams App MAU
Exclusive Benefits
Publisher
500
25K or 
250 MAU
100K or 
1K MAU
500K or 
5K MAU
1M or 
50K MAU
4M or 
400K MAU
Microsoft live seller webinar  




All benefits subject to change
and must be completed on 
the anniversary date of when 
you first received benefits.
TTM (trailing 12 months) 
cumulative on MBS 
(Marketplace billed sales)
Not available for
BYOL offers.
Read the benefit guide for
full details



Requires 
a completed Commercial
marketplace listing optim
ization

Self-Serve benefits
Marketing and Sales benefits
Publisher
Onboarding Documentation

Marketplace Community Forums

Market research and marketing materials: Partner marketing center

Self-serve digital marketing on demand

Partnering and global expansion readiness assessments

Marketplace Strategy Guide

Co-sell solution finder listing guidance

Grow and scale by selling through Microsoft partners in the
commercial marketplace

No Marketplace billed sales, solution value, or Teams App MAU required
All benefits subject to change
and must be completed on 
the anniversary date of when 
you first received benefits.
Private offers require a
public listing with the 
same solution.
Not available for
Private offers.
Read the benefit guide for
full details


Azure Sponsorship Overview
Availability
 Azure sponsorship provides free Microsoft Azure usage to qualified partners and their customers. Open to all published ISVs on the 
commercial marketplace based on their rewards tier level.
Eligibility requirements
 ISV has a published offer in Teams Store, AppSource or Azure Marketplace.
 Performance paths exist for different ISVs and app types including Marketplace Billed Sales (MBS) trailing twelve months (TTM), Teams 
app MAU, and Business Applications Solution Value.

Learn more in the FAQ deck.
Benefits
 The sponsorship program offers 100 discounted Azure usage for a specific amount of time on Pay-As-You-Go (PAYG) and enterprise 
agreement (EA) Azure subscriptions.
 Engagement manager will notify the partner when they move up in tiers based on MBS TTM, Teams App MAU, Solution Value and let 
them know how much more sponsorship funds are available, as well as any other benefits.
 Sponsorship can be used by either the partner or allocated to the customer.
 Duration of sponsorship at or above 100K is 180 days once request is submitted.
 Duration of sponsorship below 100K is 90 days once request is submitted.
 Partner will have until end of anniversary date to activate their allocated Azure Sponsorship funds.
Process
 Simple and quick submission
Complete a short request form through Partner Center. Requests are typically approved within 72 hours of receiving valid account 
information.
 Ease of transition from sponsorship to paid usage
Usage beyond the monetary cap andor end date will be billed directly against the payment instrument provided by the Azure 
account owner.
 While the Azure distributed through this program is free of charge, a billing option must be set to offset any additional charges that the 
subscription may incur that exceed the allocated sponsorship amount.
Azure sponsorships 
have been a critical 
closing tool during 
our customer 
negotiations. We 
have booked more 
than 1 million in 
deals thanks to this 
Marketplace 
Rewards benefit. 
 Brett Ferancy, 
Strategic Alliance 
Manager, Abnormal 
Security

Azure Sponsorship at a Glance
Accumulate Azure sponsorship as you scale up the MBS tiers and earn up to 400K in free Azure
Marketing  Sales Benefits
33K
65K
50K
250K

2K Azure total

Up to 35K Free Azure

Up to 100 Free Azure

Up to 150K Free Azure

Up to 400K Free Azure
500 MBS
25K MBS
100K MBS
500K MBS
1M MBS
4M MBS
Awareness
Demand Gen
Co-sell
Lead development
Sales enablement
 Sponsorship is available to partners based on their performance paths in Marketplace Rewards which include Marketplace Billed Sales 
(MBS) trailing twelve months (TTM) Teams app MAU, and Business Applications Solution Value.
 Partners can move up each month based on their performance in the Commercial Marketplace (MBS, MAU or Solution Value).
 Partners won't move down until their Marketplace Rewards anniversary date (when you first received your Marketplace 
Rewards benefits)
 Examples
 If a partner is at the 25K MBS tier as of Feb 1st, 2024, and then goes down by next year they will retain their current benefit level until their Marketplace 
Rewards Anniversary date.
 If a partner is at the 100K MBS tier as of Feb 1st, 2024, continues to generate MBS and moves up anytime during the year to the next 500K MBS tier they 
would unlock incremental benefits at that new tier.

To offset operating 
costs of Azure 
subscriptions
As deal sweeteners to help 
your customers close 
more deals
To offset costs associated with
proof of concepts or test drives to 
demonstrate value to their customers
Some ways 
partners can use 
Azure 
sponsorship
Sponsorship is available to partners based on their performance paths in Marketplace Rewards which include Marketplace Billed 
Sales (MBS) trailing twelve months (TTM), Teams app MAU, and Business Applications Solution Value.
How is Azure 
Sponsorship 
calculated? 
Your Azure sponsorship will be refreshed on your Marketplace Rewards anniversary date based on your trailing 12 months MBS 
(last 12 months e.g., Jan  Dec or Nov 2022 to Oct 2023).
 Partners can move up each month based on their performance in the Commercial Marketplace (MBS, MAU or Solution Value).
 If a partner falls behind in TTM at any point during the year from the Tier level MBS requirement you will continue to keep your 
benefits until your anniversary date.
 Partner Center along with your engagement manager will notify you about any tiering changes
 The Marketplace Rewards anniversary date is defined as when you first received your Marketplace Rewards benefits
Trailing 12 
months and 
anniversary 
date 
calculation
What is the 
Microsoft 
Azure pricing 
for usage?
The pricing for Microsoft Azure usage under this offer will be 100 percent off standard published pay-as-you-go rates for the term.
Azure Sponsorship  Calculated Scenarios and Examples

Getting started
Within three weeks of publishing your 
offer, our team will email the primary 
partner contact at your organization to 
help you get started
Evaluate the marketplace options and 
publish your offer in Microsoft AppSource 
or Azure Marketplace
Join Microsoft AI Cloud Partner Program

ISV Success  Grow, also known as Marketplace Rewards
ISVs receive Sales  Marketing benefits, and a dedicated Engagement Manager to reward and accelerate application sales.
Availability
Eligibility requirements
Benefits
 ISV has a published app in Teams Store, AppSource or Azure Marketplace
 ISV is not required to have participated in ISV Success Build  Publish benefits.
They are welcome to join directly upon publishing.
 Performance paths exist different ISVs and app types including Marketplace Billed 
Sales (MBS), Teams app MAU, and Business Applications Solution Value.
 Open to all published ISVs on the commercial marketplace.
 No ISV sign up required. New publishers receive invitation to engage.
 Email rewardsmicrosoft.com if invitation was missed or with questions on how to 
engage and start receiving sales  marketing benefits.
Marketplace Rewards benefits include
 Social and blog promotion
 Listing optimization services
 Guest blog posts and Solution spotlight
 Seller webinars
 Free Azure grants starting at 2,000 and up to 400,000 ISVs can use to fund 
trials, test drives, POCs and to close deals with customers
 Additional benefits available Teams, Business Applications and MISA partners
Learn more at aka.msmarketplacerewards and in this video.
Marketplace Rewards benefits characteristics
 Unlock based on performance  Free of charge based on performance tiers
 Refresh annually  Based on when ISV first received benefits
 Offered at the partner level  Not for each marketplace offer

Microsoft AppSource and 
Azure Marketplace Best 
Practices Guide

Appendix

Build and Publish
Build and publish your next application with no-cost products,
one-to-one consultations, and training resources
Marketplace Rewards
Sell more with proven marketing 
benefits
ISV Success
Supporting ISVs through Build, Publish, and Grow 
Equips you to build
well-architected apps
Helps you to successfully publish 
apps to marketplace
Helps you acquire customers
for their apps
Build
Deploy

Publish
Grow
Helps you to successfully publish 
apps to marketplace

Benefits for each phase of your customer journey
Build impactful
brand awareness 
Get to market faster
with expert guidance from 
professional marketers to 
ensure your listing is crisp 
and robust, combined
with support from 
Microsoft social handles, 
blogs, and websites to 
spread the word about 
your commercial 
marketplace offer.
Reach new global 
markets  create 
consumer buzz
Expand your reach to new 
global markets and access 
ready-to-buy Microsoft 
customers through 
featured home page 
promotions and product 
category placements on 
the Microsoft AppSource 
and Azure Marketplace.
Evangelize joint
sales momentum 
accelerate sales
Co-sell and partner-to-
partner sales guidance 
along with direct 
evangelism of your 
commercial marketplace 
offer to Microsoft field 
sellers helps you reach 
more customers, break into 
new markets, and expand 
opportunities.
Engage  nurture 
prospects with
customized assets
Amplify your brand,
generate demand for
your solution and connect 
with customers through
co-branded marketing 
campaign content. Get 
Get reduced Azure 
infrastructure costs so you 
can enable test drives and 
trials for prospective 
customers.
Unlimited access
to readiness tools  
resources
Scale your solutions with 
sales tools and materials
to assess readiness and to 
enable self-service digital 
marketing on demand. 
Customize and download
an unlimited number of
co-branded marketing 
assets to support your sales 
and marketing efforts.

Awareness
Demand 
Generation
Co-sell
Lead 
Development
Sales 
Enablement
When done right, partnering grows the pie for everyonefor customers, yes, but also for each of the partners.  Satya Nadella, CEO, Microsoft

How are Marketplace Rewards determined?
 Transactions
 Sales
 Gross sales
 License-included offers
 Consumption
 Usage
 VM usage
 VM spend
Sales
Consumption
Commercial 
marketplace 
transaction
Billed Sales
Tracked separately
GUID tracking helps
BYOL (bring your 
own license)
0
Tracked separately
GUID tracking helps
Marketplace Rewards is based on Marketplace
billed sales. Billed sales could also be called:
Marketplace Rewards is NOT based on overall Azure 
Consumed Revenue (ACR). This could also be called:

All listings
Commercial marketplace listing optimization guidance: Step-by-step guide with professional marketing expertise to optimize your offer 
listing to engage prospects in more meaningful ways 
Commercial marketplace marketing toolkit: Commercial marketplace best practices and templates to customize your engagement
Commercial marketplace Whats New blog: Inclusion in a commercial marketplace blog post of the latest partner solutions
Market research and marketing materials: Partner marketing center: GTM framework to guide you in marketing practice building and 
improving your direct channel 
Self-serve digital marketing on demand: Social media content, training assets, and email campaigns launched from within Microsofts 
social syndication tool 
Partnering and global expansion readiness assessments: Assessment and consultation to gauge your readiness for channel and
global expansion
Co-sell solution finder listing guidance: Guidance to update your listing showcasing your solution to Microsoft sellers and marketers, for 
offers in both Microsoft AppSource and Azure Marketplace
Onboarding documentation: Technical and marketing requirements to create and improve your marketplace listing
Commercial marketplace forums: Commercial marketplace community forum where you can raise questions, join discussions, and meet 
other partners 
Marketplace Strategy Guide: Essential sales and marketing best practices to help you reach a bigger, more engaged audience.
Optimized Azure
Marketplace listing
Optimized Microsoft
AppSource listing
You qualify for go-to-market benefits just by listing your solution or service in Microsoft AppSource or Azure Marketplace. Youll get professional marketing 
guidance to optimize your commercial marketplace listing, support with creating a listing in the Microsoft internal catalog accessed by the global sales field, 
and inclusion in a commercial marketplace blog post, which may be promoted via social media. 

Trial or consulting services
In addition to all benefits from All Listings, youll receive:
 Commercial marketplace listing optimization: Personalized guidance from professional marketers to optimize your offer listing to engage prospects
in more meaningful ways 
 Press release support: Approval of partner-drafted press release and Microsoft representative quote
Implementing the solutions offered by Microsoft and the 
go-to-market services team led to a 174 percent rise in 
visitors to our website and more than four times our 
typical number of new leads.
 Arijit Sengupta, Founder and CEO, BeyondCore
We have been a Microsoft gold partner since 1995, and 
this is definitely one of the best partner benefit programs 
weve been involved in.
 Carmen Mariscal, TwoConnect Marketing Director
Once youve created a trial offer or listed a consulting offer that includes a proof of concept (POC), implementation, or a workshop in Microsoft AppSource or 
Azure Marketplace, youll get all the go-to-market benefits of all listings, plus a whole lot more. Increase visibility for your solution by joining forces with one of 
the most valuable technology brands in the world through Commercial marketplace listing optimization and press release support. 

Transact: Marketing benefits 
Market research and marketing materials: Partner marketing center: Digital content library for solution-specific marketing, sales and readiness materials
Self-serve digital marketing on demand: Customizable fresh marketing assets to generate and close leads for your business
Partnering and global expansion readiness assessments: Readiness assessment and consultation to expand and grow your business to new geographies
Commercial marketplace listing optimization: Personalized guidance from professional marketers to optimize your offer listing to engage prospects in more meaningful ways
Commercial marketplace marketing toolkit: Commercial marketplace best practices and templates to customize your engagement
Commercial marketplace Whats New blog: Inclusion in a commercial marketplace blog post of the latest partner solutions
Press release support: Professional editing and Microsoft approval of your press release with a quote attributed to a Microsoft representative
Marketplace Rewards testimonial: Demonstrate how you and Microsoft have succeeded together in the marketplace through an external quote or Marketplace Rewards success story
Commercial marketplace category featured placement: Placement in a featured spot in a specific category in Microsoft AppSource or Azure Marketplace
Commercial marketplace blog feature: Small subset of partner solutions featured in a commercial marketplace blog post
In-depth customer review: Demonstrate how your Marketplace solutions have helped users with a detailed customer review
Social promotion spotlight: Tweet published on Microsoft Twitter outlet showcasing your marketplace solution
Azure sponsorship for Test Drivetrial sandbox: Free Azure to support Test Drive development or maintenance in Azure Marketplace, a try before you buy' option for customers
Partner or customer success story: Story on Microsoft partner site about your solution and how it benefits from development on the Microsoft platform or story on Microsoft customers site 
about how your customer benefits from your solution built on the Microsoft platform
Commercial marketplace home page featured placement: Placement in a featured spot in Microsoft AppSource or Azure Marketplace home page
Individual guest blog post: Partners can demonstrate their value proposition, capabilities, and thought leadership to Azure customers through a post on the Microsoft Tech Community Blog.
Microsoft executive endorsement: Get the power of the Microsoft executive team (director-level or above) behind your commercial marketplace solution
Professional, customized marketing guidance to optimize your commercial marketplace listing and build awareness for it through 
strategically crafted marketing activities.

Transact: Sales benefits 
Co-sell solution finder listing guidance: Guidance to update your listing showcasing your solution to Microsoft sellers and marketers, for offers in both Microsoft AppSource and Azure 
Marketplace
Azure sponsorship for deployment or proof of concept: Free Azure to remove the Azure cost for proof-of-concept engagements or initial customer deployments 
Microsoft seller webinar: On-demand webinar featuring your speakers and content to reach internal Microsoft field sellers
Solution spotlight to Microsoft sales team: Solution spotlight on Microsoft's internal sales learning site showcasing your solution directly to Microsoft field sellers
Grow and scale by selling through Microsoft partners in the commercial marketplace: Best practices on how to grow and scale by selling through Microsoft partners in the
commercial marketplace
Requires a Co-sell ready listing in Co-sell solution finder or a scheduled or completed Microsoft seller webinar.
Expert, personalized sales recommendations and resources to help facilitate sales discussions across a range of customer scenarios, clearly 
frame your value proposition, and provide your customers with an accurate and cohesive narrative about your solution.

Teams App Partners: Additional benefits 
Press release support w social amplification: Professional editing and Microsoft approval of your press release w a quote attributed to a Microsoft representative  repost via LinkedIn.
Launch asset development support: Work with experts to prepare co-branded marketing assets (pitch deck and one-page flyer) for internal Microsoft field sellers and marketers to find 
relevant partner solutions to share with their customers.
Exclusive benefits for Teams App partners

Partner Center Benefit Activation Process
After a partner activates
a benefit in Partner Center, 
they should see a pop-up 
confirming that the 
activation and noting that 
the Rewards desk will reach 
out within the next week
with next steps.

The Rewards 
desk receives 
an auto-
generated 
email about 
the activation.
The Rewards desk sends 
supplemental email to the 
partner with directions on 
how to proceed (partners 
receive different emails, 
based on their status as 
either TransactNon-
Transact.

Azure Sponsorship
Azure Sponsorship is currently processed outside of MRT. Starting in November 2023, Partner Center will direct ISVs to existing submission request forms, 
(sponsorship will continue to be manually executed).
With the 2nd half of Germanium, the sponsorship request process will be completely automated in Partner Center.
NOTE: While the eventual goal is that benefit activation in Partner Center will send the partner directly to the corresponding benefit in MR Toolbox (see Arsenic), current dependencies on the 
Toolbox platform migration must be completed before that process update can be implemented.

Microsoft AppSource and Azure 
Marketplace Best Practices Guide